let me tell you many years ago we had a
vacation in Hawaii and I children
grandchildren grandchildren to put on
the show
a dancing and and singing a song what
they could do and share with us it was a
great thing Martha fixed him all up with
leis and on flowers and all that kind of
stuff and Megan who was four years old
then had been taking ballet dancing
lessons she said you know what we need
to sing a dance and we need to dance and
so we will say you are my sunshine my
only sunshine you make me happy you know
so they were going to all get to
practicing and they were doing it and
the flowers are falling off and the bees
were falling Martha's putting them back
on there but then Megan said wait a
minute
we got to go in there and dance we got
to go in there and dance and we're not
going just sing and dance we're going to
go in there so we had the parents and
the others are all of us sitting there
with all the cameras ready to show them
and here they come in there they start
getting ready to go and Megan leading
the group she was the youngest but she
was telling the others she said now
listen no matter what falls off keep on
dancing so they went in there and they
started doing dancing and the hula and
everything else flowers falling off no
what no matter what falls off keep on
dancing and you know what there's a
group of an Austin that meets regularly
older people seniors they get together
and they name their theme to be it keep
on dancing no matter what those are keep
on dancing same thing we we need to do
in our lives yours and mine
time goes on things change you know what
no matter what falls off keep on dancing
Megan's got the message it'll apply to
you and God will help us all no matter
what keep on dancing